okay guys so really simple these are the
items that you will need to color your
suit base closure I have the dark brown
in the red dye I have my tinting bowl a
pair of gloves and of course shortly I'm
going to be showing you guys what the
silk base closure actually looks like
now this silk base closure was sent to
me from a client for a custom unit it is
from glamour houses hair and it is the
five by five measurement I believe
because it's super big and I love it and
it is there a silk press texture so I'm
just showing you guys what the silk base
closure looks like as you can see it's
superlight when I turn it over the scalp
is light and my client is closer to my
complexion so she wanted the scalp to
mimic more of her complexion so here you
guys I'm just going to take my tinting
bowl and I'm going to fill it with a
boiling hot water you guys this is the
key to making sure that the RIC dye
colors the way you wanted to you want to
make sure that the water is as hot as
possible I'm not sure if you guys can
see this thing coming from the water but
that's what it is so I filled up the top
from the red dye halfway full of color
and I'm going to pour that into my
boiling hot water so from this point you
guys once I've mixed the red dye with
the boiling hot water I like to take a
q-tip because the end of is cotton so of
course it kind of shows you what the
color actually looks like on some type
of material or fabric and so once I mix
it up I look at the q-tip if it's too
dark I just add a little bit more water
to lighten the color so now that I see
is the color that I want I like to go
ahead and prepare my field base closure
to be colored real simple you guys
okay so I just wanted to show you guys
on another alternative way to make sure
that the mixture is actually the color
that you want I'd like to use a piece of
stocking of course because it's a piece
of material or fabric so you get to
really see what color you have before
you decide to dip your silk base closer
into the mixture I just dip it for a
little while and I'll allow it to stain
the stocking and then you get to see
what color it is so now that I'm
actually satisfied with the color now I
can go back and start coloring the silk
on this closure you guys make sure that
you always test the color before you put
your silk inside of the mixture because
you don't want to get it too dark
because it is permanent once you color
it you cannot remove the color so please
make sure that you're always test alert
and making sure that it is the color
that you prefer
so at this point I'm just going to take
the closure and I'm going to dip it
inside of my mixture now you guys as you
can see I'm only different the very
bottom of the closure because you want
to be extra careful because once you cut
it silk honey it is permanent someone to
be extra careful and make sure that it
is exactly the color that you need it to
be so I'm just going to take it out and
as you guys can see the bottom half or
the lower portion of the closure is
actually getting darker than the
previous section so what I'm going to do
since it's getting close I'm going to
take the closure again and I'm going to
leave immerse it into this mixture
because now I can see it is the color
that I want it so once I've left it in
for about five or seven minutes I've
taken it back out as you guys can see
the color is amazing I'm really liking
the way it is but I want it just be
darker okay you guys so at this point
all I'm going to do is redo my silk base
closure back into the mixture the reason
for this is because I need it to be a
tad bit more Brown leave it in there for
about three to five minutes this is what
the silk looks like once I have
completed this process you guys it's
really simple it took me about 15
minutes overall to do this process as
you guys can see it is a beautiful brown
color so you guys this is what's the
closure actually looked like before I
colored it and it's super light it
wouldn't have matched my clients and
complexion and I love the outcome you
guys so this is the outcome this is what
it looks like once you are complete and
you can see it matches my skin perfectly
on my arm pretty much it you guys so if
you have any questions or comments place
them down below love you guys see y'all
next time